Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you
how to use
the latest update of the Nvidia R and
use the DLSS 4.5 super resolution with
RTX card. Okay, after updating your
Nvidia app, you can get this miss. Okay,
DS 4.5 super resolution modable now.
this med can go here future graphics
programs troubles
and use this recommended version. After
that can hit close like this and go here
the graphic and go to global setting.
After that the DLSS override model
presets you can set this one look or you
can go here custom
and choose the M1
and this M is there is 4.5
okay restraction recommended
set to command okay it's right
go right here second
Okay, this
ban set. Okay, make it custom or you can
make it balanced right here. Okay, now
the thesis from.5
it's set.
points to the half.